Chapter :-1
Basic Understanding before learning React

What will be covered in this chapter 
Why to learn React
When should You learn react
Why react was created
Don't learn React if 
React Learning Process
React is a library
Difference btw Library and Framework
Topics to most imp in React
Additional things add-on in react


Why Learn React:
Popular demand and job opportunities.
Efficient development with component-based architecture.
Improved performance and smoother user experiences.
Strong community support for learning and development.

When should I Learn React:
after mastering in js ,
Mostly projects don't need react on their early stage.

Why react was created
Phantom message Problem in Facebook
No consistency in UI
State as well as DOM They can't talk with each other.
To solve this problem react library was created.

Don't learn React if 
If you don't working with javascript or DOM Manipulation.

In short, the React learning process involves:
Understanding JavaScript basics.
Learning React fundamentals like components and state.
Practicing with small projects.
Exploring related libraries like React Router and Redux.
Some Basic React Hooks.
Building real-world projects.
Staying updated with React's latest features.

React is a library
React is commonly referred to as a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
React's primary focus is on the view layer of web applications, providing developers with a component-based architecture for building reusable UI components. It efficiently updates and renders the user interface by using a virtual DOM and optimizing the rendering process.

Difference btw Library and Framework
Image:-

Topics to most imp in React
Components
JSX
State and Props
Lifecycle Methods
React Hooks
Virtual DOM
React Router
State Management (e.g., Redux)

Additional things add-on in react
Router:-(React don't have Router) for using this additional package install.
React Applications are considered as SPA (Single Page Application).
Like u have an URL :- https:\\localhost:3000\\logincheck\home 
https:\\localhost:3000\\logincheck\about
https:\\localhost:3000\\logincheck\carriers
routing how would be provide these 
State Management:-(React don't have State Management)
So we use Redux, Redux_toolkit,Zustand,Context-Api
